Create blogpost for release 2.21.0 (#47)
scm-manager/website: content/posts/2021-07-21-scm-manager-2-21-0/index.md

Hint: We implemented the search with [Lucene](https://lucene.apache.org/), so can already use the default lucene search syntax on your advanced queries.

![Omni Search](assets/omni-search.png)

## UI Redesign - Header

We started to redesign the SCM-Manager UI. This time we changed the header which is now smaller and way more responsive than before.

![Header](assets/header.png)

## Initial admin user

For security reasons we no longer provide the default admin user for your SCM-Manager instance. 
Now you have to create your admin on your first access to SCM-Manager via the UI. 
To create the administrator you need an initialization token which you can find inside your server log.

Hint: For automatic deployments you can create the administrator user automatically by setting the username and password with system properties. Check out the [initialization documentation](https://scm-manager.org/docs/2.21.x/en/first-startup/).

![Initial Admin](assets/initial-admin.png)

## Other changes
- The date on the repository overview is now the last modified date of the repository.

> - With the newest version of the [scm-editor-plugin](https://scm-manager.org/plugins/scm-editor-plugin/) you can create files in `not initialized` repositories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With the newest version of the [editor plugin](https://scm-manager.org/plugins/scm-editor-plugin/) you can create files in empty repositories.
```
